Dog Royal History
The dog king is a model for my generation
Being a Muse is really young and promising
Yan Zhenggang wrongly blamed Gao Yushi
Nonsense
Please punish your majesty
I must be punished
Doctor Yan Zheng
General Kuanglu Wang Neutral Ministry Minister Shu presents gifts
Fine Fenglu for two months
Thank Your Majesty with respect and filial piety
Gao Yang, you are meritorious with good driving
What reward do you want?
Your Majesty wants to enter the main household
Waterfall lambs behave like this
I should be by my side for the center
Leaves are good, what people don't do in the book
To complement each other
Lamb fool
Actually chose to enter the main household
And then...
This time I lost.
But the gap between us will grow bigger and bigger in the future
Gao Yang, grandson of Duke Ding
Pingding Linjiang Riding in the Cool Driving
The secretary of the Shanghai department and the foreign man retain the imperial history of supervision
Cui Xinghe, Pingjiang water riding in the cool and driving
Shengzhong Bookstore People
Thank you, Your Majesty
Thank you your majesty
Retreat and send your majesty
One day I will prove to the world
Cui Xinghe is no better than you
Isn't it a little abrupt to have so many rooms?
But also into the main household
Purely because my father is the servant of the Ministry of Household
That matters.
It's good to move around.
Children can walk sideways in the household
This is normal for the main household
Oh, dear.
Then Zhongshu Club, you two are Empress Face Haier
The situation has always been relatively dry
Ordinary and like to go there
Listen to ditties when you are elegant
If you go often
Sure to be
The Power of the Imperial History
Mother, you are just for that Changan hook
You don't even do it?
You are really a talent of my Gao family.
Yezi, you can't escape it today, hey, hey, oops.
Hey, hey, hey.
What's the use of chasing him?
Wait until he returns home and then hit him
Doesn't follow my IQ at all